menu.items.text.color: black
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #666666
osd.button.pressed.bg.color: #0000ff
window.active.button.toggled.bg: flat solid border
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: flat solid border
window.active.client.color: #000000
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #000000
osd.unhilight.bg: flat solid
osd.button.pressed.bg: flat solid border
menu.title.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.label.text.color: #cccccc
menu.items.active.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #666666
window.active.label.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.grip.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #666666
osd.bg.color: #cccccc
window.active.button.toggled.bg.color: #ffcc00
window.active.button.pressed.bg: flat solid border
osd.label.bg.color: #cccccc
window.inactive.label.bg.color: #666666
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #ffffff
padding.width: 7
window.active.handle.bg.color: #000000
window.active.label.bg.color: #000000
osd.button.focused.bg.color: #999999
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #000000
window.active.button.toggled.image.color: #000000
window.active.button.hover.bg: flat solid border
window.inactive.button.toggled.bg.border.color: #000000
window.inactive.button.hover.bg: flat solid border
window.active.grip.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.toggled.bg.color: #ffcc00
window.active.handle.bg: flat solid
osd.button.pressed.text.color: white
window.active.button.disabled.bg.color: #990000
window.active.grip.bg.color: #000000
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #666666
window.active.button.unpressed.bg.color: #cccccc
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #000000
osd.hilight.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.hover.bg.color: #999999
window.inactive.button.hover.bg.color: #999999
window.client.padding.width: 7
osd.button.focused.bg: flat solid border
window.active.title.bg: flat solid
menu.title.bg.color: #666666
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #000000
osd.hilight.bg.color: #000000
osd.label.text.color: black
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.color: #990000
osd.label.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: flat solid border
osd.button.unpressed.bg.color: #cccccc
window.inactive.client.color: #666666
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: flat solid border
border.color: #000000
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg.color: #cccccc
window.client.padding.height: 0
osd.button.focused.text.color: white
window.inactive.title.bg: flat solid
osd.button.focused.box.color: #000000
window.active.button.toggled.bg.border.color: #000000
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #666666
osd.button.unpressed.text.color: black
osd.unhilight.bg.color: #cccccc
window.active.title.separator.color: #000000
window.active.title.bg.color: #000000
border.width: 2
window.active.button.disabled.bg.border.color: #ffffff
window.label.text.justify: left
window.active.button.unpressed.bg: flat solid border
osd.button.pressed.box.color: #ffffff
menu.overlap: 5
menu.items.active.bg.color: #0000ff
menu.title.text.justify: left
menu.items.bg.color: #cccccc
window.active.button.pressed.bg.color: #999999
menu.separator.width: 2
window.active.button.disabled.bg: flat solid border
menu.title.text.color: white
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.color: #000000
window.inactive.button.hover.image.color: #000000
window.handle.width: 7
window.inactive.button.toggled.image.color: #000000
window.inactive.label.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #ffffff
window.active.label.text.color: white
menu.items.bg: flat solid
osd.bg: flat solid
menu.items.active.text.color: white
window.inactive.button.toggled.bg: flat solid border
padding.height: 5
window.inactive.handle.bg: flat solid
menu.items.justify: left
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.border.color: #ffffff
osd.button.unpressed.bg: flat solid border
